Allow running tests in headfull mode (useful for testing) (#1113)
php-webdriver/php-webdriver: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

export BROWSER_NAME="firefox"
composer all
```

> To see the tests as they are happening (in the browser window), you should disable headless mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the tests as they are happening (in the browser window), you can disable headless mode. This is useful eg. when debugging the tests or writing a new one:
```
